hey guys I thought I'd show you where I
live or what my house looks like I'll
give you a quick tour so much but you
know I get by and it's it's got a nice -
window one bathroom I kind of just merge
all the rooms together cuz I really
don't need much to live in here so you
got my door how you said walk on there
but yeah I need I need clean it up a
little bit I'm just kidding guys I know
a lot of guys colleges what the hell is
he talking about but that's really where
I live
I thought I'd show you guys my car and
is a Subaru Impreza 2.5 I it's a 2009 so
relatively new although I bought it used
which is really nice
I'll see you guys inside quick on off
you can see that back yeah it's got
really nice color inside I was looking
around and I don't really like the light
interiors especially the tan it's just
I'd rather have a nice black or dark
color for inside my car love this soup
real it's very nice well guys I got to
show you this server was a rabid raccoon
walking around in my yard so I'll show
you the clip I grabbed my camera cuz
I've never seen why actually walking
around drunk looking out in the daylight
so I'll show you guys that is that thing
it's dumb ass get in here
alright don't curse I don't get babies
patches here let's go out there start to
ninja turn to it I'll eat that for
dinner oh you don't have to but I will
stop it
getting in it if you like this random
video make sure you give me a thumbs up
and I'll see you guys later